TO THEIR CONTROL.
SO WE TOLD YOU A LOT ON THIS
SHOW ABOUT THE POTENTIAL
DANGERS OF BIG TECH.
SOME OF THOSE DANGERS ARE
IMMINENT AND TECHNOLOGICAL
AND THE MAIN ONE IS ROBOTICS
AND ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE.
REMARKABLY, THE PERSON, THE
POLITICAL FIGURE WHO IS
MAKING THE MOST SENSE ON
THIS SUBJECT WHO HAS THOUGHT
ABOUT IT MOST DEEPLY IS A
DEMOCRAT WHO IS RUNNING FOR
PRESIDENT.
HE IS ANDREW YANG.
HE IS AN ENTREPRENEUR AND
DEMOCRATIC PRESIDENTIAL
CANDIDATE.
ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE AND
EXPANDED AUTOMATION COULD
POTENTIALLY CAUSE VIOLENCE
IN THIS COUNTRY AND WE NEED
TO DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT
RIGHT NOW.
HE JOINS US TONIGHT.
THANKS VERY MUCH FOR COMING
ON AND I MEANT THAT WITH
SINCERITY.
I HAVEN'T HEARD ANYBODY IN
OUR POLITICAL CONVERSATION
DESCRIBE THE THREAT AS
CLEARLY AND COMPELLINGLY AS
YOU HAVE.
WHY SHOULD WOULD HE BE
WORRIED ABOUT AUTOMATION?
>> IF YOU LOOK AT THE BACK
DROP WE AUTOMATED AWAY
4 MILLION MANUFACTURING JOBS
MICHIGAN, OHIO,
PENNSYLVANIA, WISCONSIN,
MISSOURI AND THOSE
COMMUNITIES HAVE NEVER
RECOVERED WHERE IF YOU LOOK
AT THE NUMBERS HALF OF THE
WORKERS LEFT THE WORKFORCE
AND NEVER WORKED AGAIN AND
THEN HALF OF THAT GROUP
FILED FOR DISABILITY NOW
WHAT HAPPENED TO THE
MANUFACTURING WORKERS IS
GOING TO HAPPEN TO THE TRUCK
DRIVERS, CALL CENTERS AND
FAST FOOD WORKERS ON AND ON
THROUGH THE ECONOMY AS WE
EVOLVE IN TECHNOLOGY
MARGINALIZES THE LABOR OF
MORE AND MORE AMERICANS.
>> Tucker: WHAT WILL THE
EFFECTS OF THAT.
THAT'S A MASSIVE
DISPLACEMENT OF PEOPLE.
WHAT WILL HAPPEN ONCE THAT
HAPPENS?
>> WELL, AS YOU SAID, I
THINK IT'S GOING TO BE
DISASTROUS WHERE IF YOU LOOK
AT TRUCK DRIVERS ALONE,
BEING A TRUCKER IS THE MOST
COMMON JOB IN 29 STATES
THERE ARE 3.5 MILLION TRUCK
DRIVERS IN THIS COUNTRY.
AND MY FRIENDS IN SILICON
VALLEY ARE WORKING ON TRUCKS
THAT CAN DRY THEMSELVES
BECAUSE THAT'S WHERE THE
MONEY IS WE CAN SAVE TENS,
EVEN HUNDREDS OF BILLIONS OF
DOLLARS BY TRYING TO
AUTOMATE THAT JOB.
I WAS JUST WITH TRUCK
DRIVERS IN IOWA LAST WEEK
AND IMAGINING THAT COMMUNITY
RECOVERING FROM THEIR INCOME
GOING FROM LET'S CALL IT
$50,000 A YEAR TO MUCH, MUCH
LESS THAN THAT
CATASTROPHICALLY.
IT'S GOING TO BE A DISASTER
FOR MANY, MANY AMERICAN
COMMUNITIES.
>> Tucker: YOU ARE ONE OF
THE ONLY PEOPLE I HAVE MET
HONEST ABOUT THE EFFECTS OF
INDUSTRIAL LABOR
INDUSTRIALIZABOR
INDUSTRIALIZATOR
INDUSTRIALIZATION.
ALL BECOME COMPUTER
PROGRAMMERS THAT DIDN'T
HAPPEN.
MY QUESTION IS DO WE HAVE TO
SIT PASSIVELY BACK AND LET
THIS HAPPEN TO HAPPEN TO THE
COUNTRY.
>> THAT'S WHY I'M RUNNING
FOR PRESIDENT.
I THINK IT WOULD BE INSANE
TO WATCH THIS AUTOMATION
WAVE OVERTAKE OUR COUNTRY
AND ECONOMIES.
WE ARE NOT OSTRICHES.
WE GET IT.
ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE IS
REAL.
SELF-DRIVING CARS AND TRUCKS
TESTED ON THE HIGHWAYS RIGHT
NOW AND WE NEED TO EVOLVE
AND START PUSHING THE WAY WE
THINK OF ECONOMIC PROGRESS
TO INCLUDE HOW OUR FAMILIES
ARE DOING, HOW OUR CHILDREN
ARE DOING.
AND THINGS MATTER TO THE
AMERICAN PEOPLE.
G.D.P. IS GOING TO LEAD US
OFF A CLIFF.
YOU KNOW, ROBOT TRUCKS GREAT
FOR G.D.P.
TERRIBLE FOR MANY, MANY
AMERICAN COMMUNITIES.
GET WITH THE PROGRAM AND
FIGURE OUT HOW TO ACTUALLY
MAKE THIS ECONOMY WORK FOR
PEOPLE.
>> Tucker: I SIT WITH MY JAW
OPEN I AGREE WITH YOU SO
STRONGLY.
LET ME ASK YOU FINALLY WHY
ISN'T THIS A CENTRAL
QUESTION IN THE CAMPAIGN OF
EVERYBODY RUNNING FOR
PRESIDENT ON ANY SIDE AND
WHY INSTEAD ARE THEY TALKING
ABOUT ISSUES THAT ARE REALLY
ARE KIND OF FRIVOLOUS?
WHY AREN'T THEY TALKING
ABOUT THIS.
>> IT'S A GOOD QUESTION,
TUCKER.
ONE OF THE REASONS I'M
RUNNING FOR PRESIDENT IS TO
PUSH THIS IN THE CENTER OF
THE MAINSTREAM AGENDA WHERE
EVERY CANDIDATE SHOULD BE
TALKING ABOUT WHAT WE ARE
GOING TO DO ABOUT THE FACT
THAT WE'RE AUTOMATING AWAY
THE MOST COMMON JOBS IN THE
ECONOMY RIGHT NOW.
AS WE ARE SITTING HERE
TOGETHER THE LABOR FORCE
PARTICIPATION RATE IN THE
UNITED STATES IS 63.2%.
THE SAME LEVEL AS ECUADOR
AND COSTA RICA.
AND IF ANYONE THINKS THAT'S
WHERE AMERICA OUGHT TO BE,
THAT NUMBER IS EVEN GOING TO
BE FURTHER CHALLENGED WHEN
ALL OF THIS TECHNOLOGY COMES
ONLINE.
MAKE AMERICA EMBRACE THIS
CHALLENGE OF THE 21st
CENTURY AND THEN TRY AND
ADDRESS IT TOGETHER AS A
PEOPLE.
>> Tucker: LAST QUESTION.
SHOULDN'T PEOPLE WHO CITE
UNEMPLOYMENT STATISTICS BE
PENALIZED FOR SAYING
SOMETHING SO STUPID?
>> YEAH.
WE HAVE A SERIES OF BAD
NUMBERS.
AND I REFER TO G.D.P. AS ONE
CERTAINLY HEADLINE
UNEMPLOYMENT RATE IS
COMPLETELY MISLEADING AND
ONE OF MY MANDATES AS
PRESIDENT IS I'M GOING TO
UPDATE THE NUMBERS.
THEY ACTUALLY MAKE SENSE TO
THE AMERICAN PEOPLE.
>> YES, YES.
SO WE CAN KNOW WHAT'S GOING
ON.
OTHERWISE YOU CAN'T MAKE
WISE DECISIONS.
>> RIGHT NOW AGAIN AND YOU
KNOW.
THIS OUR LIFE EXPECTANCY HAS
DECLINED FIRST TIME IN 100
YEARS BECAUSE OF A SURGE IN
SUICIDES AND DRUG OVERDOSES.
HOW CAN YOU SAY AN ECONOMY
IS HEALTHY WHEN OUR PEOPLE
ARE DYING?
>> I LITERALLY -- I DON'T
EVEN KNOW WHAT YOU THINK ON
THE OTHER ISSUES AND I JUST
SUPPORT WHAT YOU SAID SO